So far we've talked about using
Sarsa with Function
Approximation.
Let's continue
our journey through
approximate control methods
and look at expected Sarsa.
By the end of this video,
you'll be able to
explain the update for
expected Sarsa with
function approximation,
and explain the update
for Q-learning
with function approximation.
Let's see how we
can turn Sarsa into
expected Sarsa when using
function approximation.
Recall the update
equation for Sarsa.
Sarsa's update target includes
the action value for
the next state in action.
Now, recall that
expected Sarsa instead uses
the expectation over
its target policy.
To compute the expectation,
we simply sum over
the action values
weighted by their probability
under the target policy.
The same expectation can be
computed even when we use
function approximation.
Let's see how to do this.
First, recall the update for
Sarsa with function
approximation.
It looks similar to the
tabular setting except
the action value estimates are
parameterized by
the weight factor,
W. We also have
a gradient term to distribute
the error to the weights
appropriately.
Expected Sarsa with
function approximation
follows a similar structure.
We compute the action values from
our weight vector for
every action in the next state.
Then we compute this expectation
under the target policy.
That's all we have
to do to change
Sarsa into expected Sarsa.
Now, how do we do
this for Q-learning
with function approximation?
Fortunately, Q-learning is
a special case of expected Sarsa.
In Q-learning, the target
policy is greedy with
respect to the approximate
action values.
Computing the expectation
under greedy policy
is the same as computing
the maximum action value.
So the Q-learning update with
function approximation is
actually quite straightforward.
We just use the max in
place of the expectation.
That's it for this short video.
Today, we introduced
expected Sarsa with
function approximation,
and we also showed
how to extend it to
Q-learning with
function approximation.
Next time we'll think
about how to do
exploration with
function approximation.
Until then, don't get lost.